Update README explaining how to provide auth config to docker (#189)
temporalio/web: README.md

If you are hosting Temporal Web at `http://localhost:8088`, then you will need to tell your Oauth provider to redirect to `http://localhost:8088/auth/callback`. This is configured by `callback_base_uri` in the settings.

> #### Providing config.yml to docker image
> If you are running Temporal Web from the docker image, you can provide your external config.yml to docker to override the internal config. 
> Create config.yml file on your machine, for example at `~/Desktop/config.yml`. 
> Start the docker image, providing the path to your config.yml file using external volume flag (-v). Leave the path after the semicolon as is: 
> 
> ```bash
> docker run --network host -v ~/Desktop/config.yml:/usr/app/server/config.yml temporalio/web:latest
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<details>
<summary>
Providing config.yml to docker image
</summary>

If you are running Temporal Web from the docker image, you can provide your external config.yml to docker to override the internal config. 
Create config.yml file on your machine, for example at `~/Desktop/config.yml`. 
Start the docker image, providing the path to your config.yml file using external volume flag (-v). Leave the path after the semicolon as is: 

```bash
docker run --network host -v ~/Desktop/config.yml:/usr/app/server/config.yml temporalio/web:latest
```

</details>
```

If you are hosting Temporal Web at `http://localhost:8088`, then you will need to tell your Oauth provider to redirect to `http://localhost:8088/auth/callback`. This is configured by `callback_base_uri` in the settings.

<details>
<summary>

> Providing config.yml to docker image
> </summary>
> 
> 
> If you are running Temporal Web from the docker image, you can provide your external config.yml to docker to override the internal config. 
> Create config.yml file on your machine, for example at `~/Desktop/config.yml`. 
> Start the docker image, providing the path to your config.yml file using external volume flag (-v). Leave the path after the semicolon as is: 
> 
> ```bash
> docker run --network host -v ~/Desktop/config.yml:/usr/app/server/config.yml temporalio/web:latest
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing config.yml to Docker image
</summary>

If you are running Temporal Web from the docker image, you can provide your external config.yml to docker to override the internal config. 
Create config.yml file on your machine, for example at `~/Desktop/config.yml`. 
Start the docker image, providing the path to your config.yml file using external volume flag (-v). Leave the path after the semicolon as is: 

```bash
docker run --network host -v ~/Desktop/config.yml:/usr/app/server/config.yml temporalio/web:latest

</details>
```
